Exploitation
First, we will rerun the MariaDB client
but this time we will use the root
credentials we discovered on Ajla.
Next, we will set the shell variable to
the shellcode that we generated earlier.
Now for the moment of truth.
Let’s attempt to dump the
binary shell to a file.
It worked. But before we get too excited,
we still need to create a function.
MariaDB did not generate any
errors, leading us to believe
that the function was created.
We can double-check by running a command
that queries for the sys_exec function.
Now let’s test if the sys_exec UDF
works by attempting to make
a network call from Zora
to our Kali machine.
To do this, we will start the
python http server on port 80,
and make a sys_exec UDF
call to our Kali IP on port 80.
The syntax for the function can be
found in the original UDF exploit.
If the command worked, we should see
a log entry in our webserver.
Success! We are running code on Zora.
Now we can upload and execute
a meterpreter payload on Zora
in order to send a reverse
shell back to our Kali instance.
We don’t have to generate a
new meterpreter shell
since we can just use the
same one we used for Ajla.
Since we are now connected to
Ajla through a standard ssh connection,
we can use port 443 on Kali
for the Zora meterpreter session.
First, let’s instruct Zora to
download the binary payload.
With the meterpreter downloaded,
we need to make the file executable.
Now that the shell is executable,
let’s make sure Metasploit
is ready for the connection.
With our listener configured and
running, we can execute the shell on Zora.
Now we’ll check for a captured
shell in msfconsole.
Excellent, we have a working
unprivileged shell on Zora!